Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who's Googled? Everyone's names already to figure out who's who
Neal Sáles-Griffin: anybody done that? No? Yup, okay, yeah. You're on it. Somebody does it? Don't worry, Vince. Everybody. Let's do some sales. This is always fun.
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: It's always fun. Hey? Hey? Hey!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Look at that! Look at that! Everybody showing up on time. Look at us off to a good start. I love this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: Hey? Everybody.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good music. Yeah. Thanks, Sophie, for that. Sophie is a fantastic dj, thank you, Sophie. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Alright. Got Naji here, I think one of the up Lily's on. Hey, Liliana? Here we go alright. We got some folks driving, we got some commuters.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. Is that, did I get a message from you guys? Are you all crossing the border or something? Somebody doing that? Is that what you're doing? You made it okay. You didn't need me to call the whoever okay I was. Gonna I was. I was gonna do it. I saw your message this morning. I was like, all right. You need me to call the President of the United States
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to get okay. You made it alright good! I'm glad you have that cloud.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  are y'all. Well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would love to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: start soon. Let's see.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Liliana, you want to kick us off. Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, everybody. Neil, you can see the Sawyer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I am here. Yes, I can see
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. Well, welcome. We've been looking forward to this so much so it's so great to have all of you here.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm Liliana, Neil, and I'll be driving this, and we'll introduce our full team in just a second. First, I wanted to start with some announcements so welcome kits for due last Friday. Those are your swag kits. So for those of you who may not have completed it yet, or I've hit the maximum. So if you went on and you couldn't order it.
Lilliana Robinson: it's either because the deadline has passed and they ran out of stock, or because our cohort is extra large, we actually hit the maximum, and I've extended it now. So you guys can go back in this week. It's just not guaranteed that you'll get it A before program starts and B
Lilliana Robinson: get it at all right now, because I got a message this morning that we're out of stock with some things. So every single person here is going to get a welcome kit. I just have those updates for right now, so it may take a couple of weeks to get some of the things back in stock specifically venture deals. The book is out of stock right now, and I think the T-shirts so we'll see. Just message me directly if you need help with that, and I can get you in touch with our
Neal Sáles-Griffin: accelerator operations. What a cool problem to have! That's the first time I've ever heard of that, I know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think what's happening is is that we're at a peak.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is like the most classes and programs that have ever started simultaneously than ever before in the history of tech stars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we unlike, I think, most, if not all other programs
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, you all know, start 2 weeks early
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because everyone else is going to have this conversation and call 2 weeks from now. But we're having it now, and we have some reasons for that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So sorry to interrupt when the clarify.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So if you need help getting that swag, every person here is going to get their swag. Kit, if you're if you're going to be a full time program participant. It just matter of when
Lilliana Robinson: so class roster forms are due this Wednesday. Those are extremely important. I've seen some messages asking like, did we only send the invite to Ceos? What's that about? So that's correct. So every time that we give offers, we just communicate only with the CEO until the class roster form is complete. That way. We know who from your team is actually going to be a full time program participant to receive all of the notifications, invitations, things like that.
Lilliana Robinson: So if you have members of your team other than yourself, the CEO that are going to participate, please make sure that they fill out the class roster form by the end of the day on Wednesday. Super important?
Lilliana Robinson: Well, yeah, I'm gonna say something, but it's not actually related what you were just saying. It's more just like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can't contain my excitement for seeing everybody's faces all at once on this screen, like it's actually really exciting like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know that all of you all are gonna become friends. And then I'm gonna become closer and friends with all of you. So I just. I'm kind of giddy about that. It feels nice to be back at it and ready to get to know y'all. So I'm looking forward to these introductions.
Lilliana Robinson: It is so great to see you guys. And there are so many of you which is awesome. Yeah, yeah, let's go. This is the squad. Now let's get it.
Lilliana Robinson: So for now until the class roster form just for this week, please send the pre program. Update number one to your team members. If you haven't already. It contains the full schedule with all the zoom links at the bottom. It contains key information that they need to know. So please don't just send your team like the class roster form link things like that. Just send them the full email so they can read through all that important info as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Any questions here before we move forward.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a few in the chat. Let's take a look, or you already responded.
Lilliana Robinson: So Valeria, have you seen the pre-program update number one email?
Lilliana Robinson: I have not. And so I got all the calendar invites, obviously for the meetings. But then I didn't get like a pre update email. And so I'm just kind of scouring right now to see like what could have happened to it. But I'll give you an update if it somehow ended up in spam or something. But okay, cool. I will double check that you are in there. Verona, just put the swag link in the chat. But the link is in that email. And there's also really important stuff in there. So let's make sure that you get that.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's see.
Lilliana Robinson: Maybe, Sophie, can you take a note of that? And I will check it later.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so we're gonna start off with introductions from all of you. So I'm gonna close this slide in a second. But we're gonna do name
Lilliana Robinson: company name. And if you're the first person from your company saying this name you can give like a one liner on what you got, what it is you guys do. And then what are you most looking forward to in the program.
Lilliana Robinson: We we usually do popcorn style. So Vincent is the first person on my screen. And then, Vincent, you can feel free to popcorn to someone else. So you're gonna do name company, name. Tell us what you do. What are you most looking forward to? And will you drop those instructions into the chat as well?
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Well, she does that. So I'm Vincent Lucero. I'm founder and CEO at Dub Prime. We provide AI underwriting for essentially lenders to help be more inclusive of people around the world. So what I'm looking most forward to is getting to know, you guys. And hearing more about what you guys are building.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: I will pass it off to let's say, Valerie and Brenner.
Valeria Brenner: hey, guys. My name is Valeria. So I'm the CEO and founder of Thrift ship. I'm here with my co-founder, Max. He's also on the call, but we're just in separate places right now. And the gist of what we oh, what? I'm look. Oh, yeah, I guess. Intro in the company. Sorry like we're reading the directions. We help small businesses make their shipping process more efficient, and I'm most looking forward to meeting everybody and making those connections.
Valeria Brenner: And I will popcorn, too. Is it Doton doten?
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: Sorry dotani is good. Sorry I was muted, so I'm I'm Dotan. I'm the co-founder of Luxier, my co-founder. Andy is there as well somewhere with the with the mustache. We Lexier makes it possible for brands specific spirit brands to launch and manage their their distribution in new markets through our platform.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: So we do a
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: We do a sas solution for distribution. And I'm super excited to to see everybody here, and meets and look forward to meeting everybody as well in the program. What I'm most looking forward to is actually getting to know everybody and learning what what people have been through in their experience so far. And yeah, really, looking forward to hanging out with everybody.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: and I'll pass it on to dwayne. I see you on my screen.
Duane: Hi! I'm Duane Scott. I'm I have operations at Dub prime along with Vincent and Bob and everyone else on here from dub dub prime and
Duane: looking forward to learning how you guys solve problems and how you think through your problems and structure them. That's how I like to
Duane: think about things. So I'm gonna throw it off to
Brian
Brian Simiyu: evening. Everyone, I think I have my name. So just jump at it. Spoken style plusically. But yeah, I'm Brian Smiro founder of Sacco, plus. We're very keen on streamlining dry powder.
Brian Simiyu: And I utilize diplodo to set up to the global South.
Brian Simiyu: And I'm absolutely looking forward to formulating what I know will be lifelong relationships with you guys. Very privileged privilege to be here about you.
Brian Simiyu: and I will pass it on to Mr. Jeremy.
Jeremy | korzo: Hello, everyone. My name is Jeremy Banning. I'm the co-founder
Jeremy | korzo: at Corzell, and chief compliance officer and chief investment officer as well. My co-founder cannot make it. He's actually on a call to investor. But
Jeremy | korzo: our company essentially is A AI wealth management platform, and we enable people to chat with their finances to build a better relationship with their money.
Jeremy | korzo: And what I'm most looking forward to in the program we're most looking forward to is meeting you guys also that data driven. If if if we can get a taste of what we did in the the assignments.
Jeremy | korzo: those frameworks, and how we apply that to solving problems, as Dwan said, that would be. That would be great.
Jeremy | korzo: and I will pass it off to slowly.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hi! Thank you. I'm Snow, the co-founder and CEO of ROM. Bear, and we make plug there. It's you can think of it as a zapier, for Llllm. Apps.
Snow Lee / Runbear: It enables people to integrate their Llms into the multiple distribution channels like slack or email Hubspot.
Snow Lee / Runbear: And I, I'm so excited to join the program and meet you guys, I'm I'm really looking forward to meeting you and speaking with you and working with you guys
Snow Lee / Runbear: nice to meet you all.
Snow Lee / Runbear: I will pass it to Sophie.
So if you take this.
Sophie Davis, Techstars: I know. Could you mind passing somebody else? I'm on the tech Stars team. So we're going to go at the very end.
Snow Lee / Runbear:  Arthur.
Art Fields -ClubReq: Hello, everybody! I'm Art fields. I'm Rob Nelson. We're the founders of club. Rec. You can think of club Rec as the Uber of recruiting. We are a platform that helps streamline, the recruiting slash interviewing process, utilizing AI and human expertise to expedite the front top of funnel process and interview.
Art Fields -ClubReq: Yeah, we're most looking forward to getting to know everybody on the program as well as enabling the the mentorship program. We're really looking forward to learning as much as we can as we scale.
Art Fields -ClubReq: Thanks, guys
Art Fields -ClubReq: will popcorn it to Brian.
Art Fields -ClubReq: SIM, you
Brian Simiyu: it's see me, you and I've already gone. So
Art Fields -ClubReq: popcorn it over to Andy. There you go.
Andy: Hey, guys, I'm Andy. I'm the co-founder and Cpo of Lexer, the distribution business with Builten, and I'm most looking forward to being in the same kind of space with everybody and getting into that garage mindset of building together
Andy: very excited for that. And I'll pass it over to Nelson.
Nelson Mitchell / Afford Health: Everybody. I'm Nelson Mitchell. I'm the founder and CEO of afford health, and we're working on a solution to help people manage and pay their medical bills.
Nelson Mitchell / Afford Health: And I will pass it off to
Nelson Mitchell / Afford Health: Verona Lee. No, wait. Sorry your tech start Max
Nelson Mitchell / Afford Health: pink knees.
Max Pinckney: Hey? My name is Max Ping me. I'm a technical co-founder at through ship with Valeria and as a first time founder, I'm most looking forward to just hearing everybody else's experiences and and getting some guidance on how this, how this thing goes.
Max Pinckney: I'll pass it on to
Max Pinckney: Alejandra Guillen.
Alejandra Guillen - AWEAR Technologies: Hi, thank you. I'm Alexandra. I'm the co-founder and Cpo of aware, you can think of us as the feedback for mental health. We are wearable in support solution for continuous monitoring of mental wellness and AI coach to support users with neurofeedback therapy.
Alejandra Guillen - AWEAR Technologies: Well, my co-founder, who is on the call as well. Antonio and I are looking for most about these programs. Yeah, like everybody else, meeting you, all learning how everybody's solving different problems, operational, technical whatsoever. But mostly iterating on our product market fit, making sure that we're hitting it right as as we move forward with launching our product.
Alejandra Guillen - AWEAR Technologies: And I will pass it on to Christie Serrato.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Hello, everyone! I'm super super excited to be here. It's been a dream to be part of the tech Star's program.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I'm the the founder of pair, anything and pair at pair anything. We're trying to bring consumer exclusivity to the food and beverage
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: for example at target. We provide a digital in aisle food and wine pairing tool to help increase card size and also to be able to bring data driven insights to help the consumer. Experience.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: What? I'm looking most looking forward to most of is really to
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: immerse ourselves. In in this experience to be able to take in all the learnings and allow for tremendous growth. And also to grow as a team and grow up as a startup with the guidance of tech start, and then also to be of a value to my fellow cohort members.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: and I will popcorn, too. Let's see. Philippe Acido.
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: hey? Thank you, Christy. Hi, everyone. I'm Felipe. I'm the co-founder and CEO from gocals.
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: I'm based in chile. I don't know if someone is from Latin America of here. But
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: oh, yeah, hey, alicantra so my English is a bit rusty, but again you you you will find out about that when you meet me here.
I'm truly happy of being in Tech Star and having the opportunity of
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: meeting you all with all that you are doing. I'm a late Co founder, late entrepreneur. I'm 45, so I've been in a corporate site for many years. So I'm
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: rapidly changing my way of thinking. And I need that, said that sense cleaning this kind of acceleration programs
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: and been working with a startup, and people like you has helped me a lot to add value to our team and a start up. So I'm looking forward to meeting you all and grow our business, and accelerate or business there in in San Francisco, in Oakland. So thank you so much.
Felipe Acevedo - Goohaus: I will pass it to. Melanie!
Melanie, Positive Finance: Hello! Thank you so much, Felipe Ello, everyone!
Melanie, Positive Finance: It's my pleasure to be here. It's been so far an incredible journey with positive finance.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So we are for confirmers. Every. We are mostly in San Francisco, and we are working on a
Melanie, Positive Finance: sustainable finance app. What we want to do is to create a product that actually
Melanie, Positive Finance: have the business and the employees working together to make a better word. So on the app we do save
Melanie, Positive Finance: invest and donate. So I hope that you guys could. The rab and work together. What I really want to do is to take the
Melanie, Positive Finance: energy of everyone and learn a lot from this program.
Melanie, Positive Finance: I heard so many good thing about tech stars. So I'm so am super happy to be here with you guys.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So thank you. And I will call changing my view here. Sorry.
Melanie, Positive Finance:  we'll sit there, Daniel
Melanie, Positive Finance: Perira.
Daniel Pereira (Paayj): Okay, that's what I'm trying to do. I don't know if we're going to be able to do the same thing. I'm not sure if we're gonna be able to do that, I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that, I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that, I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that. I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do it. And then you're gonna be able to do it. And then you're gonna be able to do it, and then you're gonna be able to do it. And then you're gonna be able to do it. And then you're gonna be able to do that
Daniel Pereira (Paayj): to move money automatically between humans. So our goal is to make money move between people like magic and make money arguments and nonzero factor in human relationships. Probably what I'm most fired up about is just getting to meet everyone else like we're first time founders. But also observe everyone. Right? We're using, trying to figure out how to use natural language to augment the human experience.
Daniel Pereira (Paayj): So just getting to like, see how everyone operates you dive into like. Speak to all of you. Your own problems. That'll be immensely helpful for us, so super excited.
Daniel Pereira (Paayj): and I will pop corn to let's see who's left here
Daniel Pereira (Paayj): the other? Dan
Daniel Pereira (Paayj): Dan pono Ponamarenka.
Dan Ponomarenko: hey, guys, my name is Dan, Hello! From Pittsburgh, PA. So I'm from with visio with visio. It's a digital collaboration platform for
Dan Ponomarenko: digital professionals in house marketeers, web agencies and enterprise customers. So we basically do. Digital limitation on any life elements or a any collateral materials like Pdf images and everything to combine everything, every feedback in one place. So I'm looking forward to meet you all guys. And I'll also look forward to learn from this program how to crack the code with
Dan Ponomarenko: market feed
Dan Ponomarenko: and how to crack the code with enterprise level customers.
Dan Ponomarenko: and
Dan Ponomarenko: we go into Dwayne.
Dan Ponomarenko: I went a little earlier. Sorry? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah,
Dan Ponomarenko: let's do. Doug Rogers.
Doug Rogers: Hey? All I'm dog. I'm over here. If you can't find my picture in the little screen, I'm Doug. I'm a co-founder of dub Prime with with with Dwayne and Vince, as it were, and also Jt, and Bob AI powered inclusive underwriting as a service.
Doug Rogers: And I mean, I'm I'm really interested in learning the tech stars approach to this particularly like how they handle demo day and fundraising things of that nature and sort of just kind of their mindset and then. But really, what I'm interested in is I love hearing like the the startup, you know, battle stories and that inside baseball stuff from some of the the more serial entrepreneurs here.
Doug Rogers: And then I'll kick it to Alan and friend in the car if it's a good time they got a signal they're driving.
Allan: Hey, guys? I'm Irwan. I'm the founder and CEO of alibi. This is my Co. Founder, Allen Mohammed in the back. He's their CTO we're super fired up. But just you know, being able to collaborate with people, and you know, brainstorm.
Allan: they use it from an apologies, and they've all died within our own business.
Allan:  yeah. So
Allan: oh, yeah, I'll buy is a sales and retention platform for nightclubs to increase sales.
Allan: What we want to do is help optimize profitability and increase revenue by life values.
Allan: So I with that said, I'll pass it on to screen is super small over here.
Oh, man.
Allan: I think it's scroll down. I scroll down a couple.
Allan: we haven't done yet.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So did you want to pop in and give us a a name.
Allan: Dot.
I'll I'll pass it to George.
George Odoom: Hey? How's it going, guys? I'm George. I'm a co-founder and CTO of tux and at Tux we are building downside protection for employees. Stock based Rsu compensation. And what I'm look most looking forward to is meeting with all of you guys and learning from everyone's shared experiences.
George Odoom:  and I'll pass it to JT.
JT: Hey? I'm Jt, I'm the cbo and Interim Cfo at the prime, and I am most looking forward to see how other startups here are utilizing Ml. And AI. For their missions.
JT: And I will pass it to. so I give me one moment.
JT: We've got some names in the chat for you. Jt, to help you out. Let's do, Maria.
Maria McDuff | PairAnything: Hi! I'm Maria, I work with. Christy. I'm the CTO of bear anything. So we do help people
Maria McDuff | PairAnything: pair their wines with their dishes, and vice versa.
Maria McDuff | PairAnything: I'm really super excited to be here to do a lot more connections and learn how your businesses as well as really build some relationships, you know, after this tech stars super excited to be here.
Maria McDuff | PairAnything: Thank you. I'll pass it on to
Maria McDuff | PairAnything: rochelle.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: Thanks, Maria. My name is Rochelle. I'm a products.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: That's why I work with Christine Maria. I
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: to learn different frameworks. I remember jobs to be done. Interview style is super fun, so I'm excited to learn more I will pass it off to Nikki.
Nikki Corbett - Pair Anything: Hi, everybody! My name is Nikki. I'm also part of the pair. Anything team as a operations director, and I'm very new to the team. I've literally just joined over the weekend, so I'm super excited to be working with everybody and to have the opportunity to take part in this program. Everything I've heard and read about it seems amazing. So I'm looking forward to getting to know all of you and learn about your businesses.
Nikki Corbett - Pair Anything: and I will pass to Kevin.
Dr. Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Hi, everyone! I'm I'm the founder CEO of
Dr. Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: locom dock at Locom Dock. We help hospitals and recruitment agencies. Land locum doctors, thereby solving acute doctor shortage. We also have an aim l component, which we use in making merchant doctors to
shifts around them.
Dr. Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: I'm looking forward to networking with each and every one of you learning the rudiments of building a truly global business. With all the resources and guidance text us have to offer.
I'll pass it on to
Dr. Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Sanjit.
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: Hello, everyone I'm the co-founder and CT. Of Lacham talk I work with. Galvan
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: we are trying to build a data table.
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: Platform for the agencies and the doctors to fill the
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: I could shortages
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: on there of the curtain space.
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: I am looking forward to reach every one of you and get most out of you guys.
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: I would. I'm always looking forward to
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: learn about the products which are building using A and temple. Thank you, guys.
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: So I also told
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: Claire
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: Ploy Lanet.
Chloe Lannert (Techstars): Oh, Chloe's Chloe's on our team.
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: So
Sanjith Jacob Thomas: I see Marissa
Lilliana Robinson: perfect.
Marisel Polanco: Hi, guys, here from New York, originally from Puerto Rico and co-founder of gift cram. We are hospitality tech company. We are transforming digital gift cards into digital assets. And if this for hospitality to provide payments that are frictionless and loyalty and entry to restaurants.
Marisel Polanco: and what I'm looking forward the most is to get to know all of you. I'm a first time founder, so I'm sure I could learn from every single one of you never been to the Bay Area so I can wait to like, try new restaurants over there. I have a list. So if you guys want to throw me some names. I'll really appreciate that.
Marisel Polanco: And yes, I need to pick someone. Let me look at the
Marisel Polanco: chat, because I probably one of the few last people.  to me. What?
Tomiwa E: Hi! Everyone! I'm telling you a CTO of redfail
Tomiwa E: a direct file. We're building an air platform to simplify financial compliance.
Tomiwa E: In Africa. We are most looking forward to meeting everyone and also letting us well change my mindset of thinking. But yeah, I'll pass it on to Tony.
Tunde | Regfyl: Hi, everyone, I'm Sunday. Co-founder, CEO of Reg file.
Tunde | Regfyl: Like Tommy, was, said II as well, I'm looking forward to meeting everyone. I've had a lot of different businesses, so we're great to get to know a bit more about what everybody's building. But I think, most importantly, adding value to to everyone else as well, because I know that a lot of people try to get in, and we had lucky ones we did get into as much as possible. Help to develop the community that we're gonna try and build I'm also looking forward to meeting the Texas team
Tunde | Regfyl: go back and forth emails with Naji seems like an amazing person. And so I guess that's probably a representation of the rest of the team. So, looking forward to meeting the Texas team.
Tunde | Regfyl: AI and machine learning has been kind of mentioned. If you in a few use cases. So that's what we're building will be good to kind of understand a bit more. What? How people applying that in their own specific use cases. So yeah, I think, generally just looking forward to again. Getting to meet everyone, and and Oakland. So yeah, that's me. I'm gonna pass it on to Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Hi, everyone antonio, co-founder CEO, of aware along with ale.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: We are really an AI coach to empower individuals to take take control of your their mental well being every day
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we look forward to meeting all, all of you guys and work really hard to through through this program to grow and we really very much enjoy the the homework back in December. And we look forward to more homework. We really enable a lot of growth for our company. And specifically, we're looking for product market fit to get our first paying customers and
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: refine our pitch. So I look forward to see you all and kind of pass it on to
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Matthew.
Matthieu Bonnard: Everybody. My name is Matthew Bonar. I'm the co-founder, and CEO of positive finance along with Melanie, who spoke first. So we're sustainable finance platform aiming to offer a range of sustainable finance products, including investments and and donation products to employees as a way to boost their engagement. And so working with employers and very excited about joining the program, working with you all and along with the tech stuff team.
Matthieu Bonnard: I don't know who to pass it on to other than my other co-founder, Fabian CEO of positive finance
Fabien (Positive Finance): that's cheating Hi, everyone, and nice to nice to meet you. I'm CEO of positive finance, very much looking forward to meeting you all, and tech sales and and mentors from the program really hope we can accelerate and also have
Fabien (Positive Finance): some paying customers on our platforms.
Fabien (Positive Finance): And I will pass on to Liam.
Liam Hwang / Runbear: Yeah. Muscle Cafandar, with snow at Rambert.
Liam Hwang / Runbear: I am currently in South Korea, so I can't wait to reach all in person and learn about your businesses.
Liam Hwang / Runbear: Yeah. So I want to learn how to grow my business and product in less or globally, and learn about everyone's experience.
Liam Hwang / Runbear: So feel
Liam Hwang / Runbear: soon. So I'll pass it over to
Liam Hwang / Runbear: Ardo.
Pardo Walter: Hey, everyone, I'm part of. I'm the founder and CEO of Trinium labs AI. So Trinium is a essentially a search engine powered by AI, that helps you find and execute profitable investments across all market categories. So that's stocks forex crypto.
Pardo Walter: I'm most interested in, really just propagating some of my technical knowledge out to the teams that need it, and and then learning just a bunch of cool stuff from everyone.
Pardo Walter: Thanks. and I will pass it on to Sahill.
Sahil Patel: Oh, I'm sorry. That might have been me, I think my audio cut out for a second. But hey, everybody on saw Hill, CTO and co-founder at Paige with with Danny. Yeah. Looking forward to meeting everybody. And you know, learning from tech stars in the long term in the short term, definitely looking forward to Lake Tahoe, and hearing Neil story. But yeah, looking forward to meeting everybody and learning in the program
Lilliana Robinson: for hell. Who would you like to pass to? Yes, apologies. Let's go with Kevin.
Kevin: Hi! Everyone sagil you stole my line. I was definitely looking forward to bonding with everybody in Lake Tahoe and hearing about everybody's journey. But Mary Cell is my co-founder. Giftgram, we're a platform that transforms digital gift cards into nft memberships for the hospitality industry to provide payments, loyalty and entry.
Kevin: And I will pass it on to Mark.
Mark Kirzhner: Hello, I'm mark. I'm a CTO and co-founder of Ckeda.
Mark Kirzhner: And then we created the digital platform, and that enables musicians in live performances. They get a different kind of communication with their audiences, and then and also monetize this their concerts in a in a better way.
Mark Kirzhner: I'm really excited. And I'm looking forward to meet you all and study from you.
Mark Kirzhner: becoming part of this community we're building.
Mark Kirzhner: and then study how to to create a big company, how to make company bigger and bigger.
Mark Kirzhner: and I'll pass it to J. Law.
J.Loh, Travaras: I was not to say my entire team hasn't been called yet, saving the best for last Jennifer Lowe. Everyone calls me J. Lo! What's up, Neil? I'm here with my co-founders, Sergei, our CTO. And Lisa Hennessy, our chief brand officer, what which might be the first
J.Loh, Travaras: ever for Texas. I don't know but either way we are building a sustainable travel marketplace for the mindful traveler, and we are super super excited to be here. Thank you for having us. And I think we're most looking forward to learning from all of you and the tech Stars team and making the most of it.
J.Loh, Travaras: I will popcorn to Lisa.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Hi! I'm that we had Brad person in the Texas space. I'm super excited to be here with you all. Our vision is really to make regenerative travel the norm and not the exception. So it feels like a big goal. And I'm still here for it.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I'm I guess, the the most excited to like find my role in this space, and as a perfectionist to learn how to Mvp. Iterate and move quickly with you all.
I'll pass it to Sergei.
Sergey: Thanks, Lisa. Yeah. Hi, everybody. My name is Sergei. I'm the CTO and co-founder of Trevor's. And
Sergey: yeah, most looking forward to getting to know everybody learning about
Sergey: struggles and any difficulties people have had so far along the way. especially in terms of technology.
Sergey: Learn people learn from people about any challenges with chat bots,
Sergey: ml, a and a AI stuff.
Sergey: and I'll pass it out on to
Marcia.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): Hi, everybody! My name is Mircia. Thanks so much for doing this and having us all here in this meeting. It's amazing. I'm the co-founder of mark on Cicada, where we help musicians make their performances more profitable. And I am actually most excited about the long, lasting relationship that we're all gonna form in this program that will hopefully continue for many, many years.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): I will pass it to George.
George Odoom: I actually already went.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: That was my bad sorry. There you go. That's a new, that's a new list.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): I'll pass it to Bob.
Bob Van Dell II - DubPrime: hey? I'm Bob.
Bob Van Dell II - DubPrime: I'm CTO of Dub prime. I am most excited about the energy and buzz of starting something new, and learning about all these new ideas and and solutions and building relationships with you all as well, and figuring out new practices and tools to accelerate growing our business.
Bob Van Dell II - DubPrime: and I will pass it to triet
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: everybody. I'm tree. I'm the co-founder of Lexiq, and for the voice of doubt, not the Lexer.
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: We're building a contract intelligence solution for legal and professional services, and we're trying to help lawyers and a couple others work a little more efficiently and effectively.
I really look forward to sharing stories learning a bunch and breaking bread with everyone. Really.
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: I'll pass it off to my co-founder. That's not a conflict of interest.
Samarth Gupta: Yeah, thanks. Tree, hey? Good afternoon, guys, my name is Samara, founder and CEO at Lexiq.
Samarth Gupta: So I think tree kind of already covered what we're doing. We're doing kind of contracts. Analysis, creating a Jenny. I powered contract analysis tool for lawyers to help them with things like contract drafting, contract analysis, checking for contract compliance against federal, various federal, state and local policies.
Samarth Gupta:  And yeah, looking forward to meeting all of you guys making some new friends. I think I think being a founder, you know, it's not a lot of people understand the kind of
Samarth Gupta: difficulties and and the time commitment you put towards your startup so
Samarth Gupta: hopefully, you know, looking forward to connecting with you guys over that. So yeah.
Samarth Gupta: pass it onto, I think, Mac.
Malc - Xsauce: yeah, thanks. Now, now, yeah,
Malc - Xsauce: difficult to go last. And you guys, awesome stuff, really, really cool stuff, making sure when to add value to the conversation. I'm Malcolm CEO, co-founder epitos.
Malc - Xsauce: My younger brother is also a CTO cofounder as well, he's gonna join us later on. The call. It's awesome for those familiar with hype resell items like sneakers, watches things like that. We create indexes that map those and allow you to invest in those as a financial instrument.
Malc - Xsauce: I'm most excited, really, around the mental fortitude. Right? Everyone here on the call has has some practice, some rituals, what they bring to the table, just to manage everything just fascinated, that always keen to learn and just build a better practice, build a build, better consistency around that, and kind of my mental approach to all the challenges we face. So I super appreciate to be here as well.
Lilliana Robinson: thanks, Mark. Did we miss anybody? Don't be shy.
Lilliana Robinson: Raise your hand. I just want to make sure we heard from every single person
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how was a lot of people. Okay, with 55 people on the call. I think we did it. Thank you, Fernand. Sophie, for your help.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so that's you guys will now introduce ourselves. I'll start. So I am Liliana Robinson. I'm the investment manager here.
Lilliana Robinson: Everyone on this call who knows me knows? I speak very quickly sometimes. So for all of my international founders here. Don't be afraid to have me clarify or repeat something if you need that my background is in computer science and entrepreneurship. I graduated from Northwestern and worked in software engineering for late stage startup for a while. And I have been at techstars. For with Neil.
Lilliana Robinson: for how many programs. Now, this is our tenth and eleventh program? Exactly. So I came on as an associate much like some of the part time, associates, that you'll see who are college students. And then I've
Lilliana Robinson: just been kind of working up. Now I've reached investment manager, and I'm really happy to introduce you to the rest of our team we've brought on. And yeah, that's me. Yeah, I can describe a little bit more. So my purpose here for you guys specifically, is to be your contact for anything and everything. You'll see me in pretty much every session. There are a lot that I lead and teach. I love to teach. I'm faculty with Neil and Sophie at Northwestern, and we teach entrepreneurship there.
Lilliana Robinson: But then you'll also see me in the background doing operations work as well as being hands on in your business. So I've helped hundreds and hundreds of companies like really deep down in the trenches with them. My favorite things are customer discovery and project management, but I can pretty much help you touch every aspect of your business.
Lilliana Robinson: And so just kind of serving as a mentor to you as well as running the program. So anything you need in any of those aspects. I'm your person.
Lilliana Robinson: I will pass it off to Ferona.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: Cool. Hi, everyone! And it's Ferona I'm found in residence for for you all. My background is in electrical engineering and physics. So my first company is in Biotech and with my second company it's in senior care, and went through Tech for Chicago with Neil and Liliana and
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: Kate as well. And so have been
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: in touch with the teams, for
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: to yours. Now, what is I'm saying? So? I'll be helping. You guys thrive in the program and also connect you with
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: some cool people. While you're in the program as well. So excited to be here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Veronica gets a lot of love from the founders. Because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: she on our team is the only one who's been through it like you all are right now. So she is a founder. She knows what you all are going through. She just went through it a few years ago.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: Yes, so excited for you all sorry. My! The lighting around me is just turned off. So cool I'll pass it on to Sophie.
Sophie Davis, Techstars: Hi, everybody! I'm Sophie. I'm based in Chicago, and I'm an investor in residence here. So I work with our internal team on the day to day operations, and then most importantly, get to work with you all. So Likeliana I graduated from Western, and after I worked at a venture studio where I was building startups across healthcare and sales working in product strategy and customer discovery.
Sophie Davis, Techstars: I currently work alongside Neil Liana on our Rising Stars Fund, where we invest in under represented founders and then also teaching entrepreneurship at Northwestern like liana shared. So I'm excited to meet all of you. And get to know how I can help.
I will pass it on to Kate.
Kate Lee, Techstars: Hey, everyone! It's so good to see you. My name is Kate. I've been an associate with this team for the past 5 programs ever since. For owners class mainly helping founders with jobs to be done. Customer discovery. I'm also got a Northwestern alum as with a multiple other members on the team. And have a little bit of background in product management.
Kate Lee, Techstars: I am sadly not going to be like fully involved in this program because my visa is expiring and I need to leave the country. But I'll be here through the end of the retreat. It's going to be the best time, and I'll also continue to be available for any kind of support, especially in jobs to be done.
Lilliana Robinson:  so Kate will be available as a mentor, though, to a select few, even though she'll be out of the country. So if you know you guys are diving, you'll still get to see some of Kate.
Kate Lee, Techstars: I'll be in Europe and Asia, and everywhere. And now, popcorn into Chloe.
Chloe Lannert (Techstars): Hey, all I am an associate. This is my fourth and fifth program. I'm a student at the University of Edinburgh. So if anyone is outside of the Us. And needs questions answered, I'm here on the wacky time zones. I am always happy to answer any questions. I'm working on a lot of back end OP stuff. If you have visa questions. I can also help with that.
Chloe Lannert (Techstars): But I really really love product testing project management. Any sort of like brain dump stuff. I'm there.
Chloe Lannert (Techstars): And just Neil, right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I guess it's me. And just to be clear like, well, no, Naji, Naji's on the call
Lilliana Robinson: Naji on the call, yeah.
Naji B. | Techstars: hey, guys Naji here? So a lot of you already know me. Investment associate lead up more of the sourcing and selecting here to support with connections. Different stuff. If you wanna chat business, have a breadth of experience in a wide variety of areas more specifically like business development type. Stuff. But the
Naji B. | Techstars: yeah, I will be here if you need me. Just let me know and I'll pass it to Neil
Neal Sáles-Griffin: great. Well, thank you, Naji, for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: constructing this class. A lot of the work up to this point was him. So let's all give kudos to Nancy for making this happen. He does a great job at it. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: couple things one everyone you just heard from on my side with my team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Not only do they bring their own experience, but they have connections to dozens, if not hundreds, of other founders. That have gone through this experience that can help you. So just look at this team as not just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the people who have the answers, but the people who are connected to the people who could really really help
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so each of us have enough familiarity with dope Ceos and founders that have been through the program.  so I'm Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can't believe it. But this is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm I'm now passing what programs this program. 10 and 11.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, cause it's double stacked. So we're hitting 10 and 11.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's unbelievable.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I hope this is our best yet
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it will be because every single time we've done this we've done a better job at something.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we've maintained quality or increased quality on every other aspect of the program. So just know, I'll I'll just like remind you all of a few things that may have said when we had our offer call conversations.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're not perfect, and we don't know everything, so we're not here to tell y'all what to do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're here to learn with you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're here to, you know. Leave Ego at the door, and be as humble as we can be to support you all. There's so many things that I think we bring to the table that will
Neal Sáles-Griffin: positively impact the outcome and success of your businesses and your personal journeys as founders, but at the same time, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: y'all are here to help each other.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there's so much that we're going to collectively take advantage of. And I'm just. I'm so excited and game on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's a lot going on in the world. There's a lot going on and tech stars. There's a lot going on, and all of you all's personal lives, and that whole just wild world of chaos that is the founder journey is something that I just love more than anything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So thank you all for giving us the privilege and the opportunity to work with you and to hopefully serve you in this experience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You'll learn more about me, like some said in Tahoe, for those of you who are coming. If you're not coming to Tahoe, let me just say
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you might want to reconsider that decision because we, because of the founders, the the ones who came before you, the Oakland and San Francisco founders. We did in the last program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They said, you have to do 3 nights
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because it was 2 nights.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then they were like, no, it needs to be longer. You need to spend more money. You need to give them more time, because this was too much fun, and it's too important. So the reason we double down and invest it again, and more time for you all to meet each other is because every single time we've done it the founders feel like it's just like a game changer, for how connected they get to each other.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you all wanna truly get to know each other and become friends having an off site where you get to look at each other. Cook E, hang out, go for walks, go for talks, get work done, do whatever you need to do like. It's a really really nice experience. So that being said, if any of you all need support from us in some way to make that work. Let me know. But I will emphasize that as something that will fundamentally
Neal Sáles-Griffin: impact in a positive way, your program experience, because you're gonna get to know each other better than ever before. But it's always a way to make it work, even if you can't make it like we'll find other ways to to cool you in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's see, I think I covered it. I introduced myself and gave other. Yeah. And for anyone wondering about like news about tech stars or just the tech ecosystem. Since we have announced the new changes we're going to get into all of that on the retreat, where we have a kind of confidential tell all. Yeah, no, I'm just ask us anything. Just so, you know, like I think founders are surprised by how raw we're willing to get. But like I'll tell you all anything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but it has to be in the right context.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just know that, like I will, I will. I share more with the founders, and I'm comfortable sharing with any other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: humans in the world. With respect to you know all these things because you all deserve the the raw's version of truth that we can afford to give you.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. So maybe that'll convince someone you to come on their treat if you're not already. Maybe all of you will have already signed up to go. I haven't checked yet, so alright, so we have, we're gonna do an activity at 1130. Pst, so we have about 40 min now to go through some of our expectations. Yeah. So that was our team.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're gonna run through every single section of this deck. And we're recording. So we'll send this to you. Every single section of this. Everything we're saying is led completely out late, completely out in our program handbook. So that is something that you're gonna get tomorrow. He is finishing the final details, putting in some beautiful stylistic choices for you guys, and then you'll get it. So it's really important to go ahead and read through that program handbook when you get it tomorrow, because it'll lay out every single expectation in more detail than we're gonna cover right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can't count how many times we get a question from someone.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And when we ask, Hey, did you? Did you read the program handbook? And they're like, Oh, no. And we're like, Well, it goes into a lot of detail there. But here's here's the short answer. So just know that, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a lot of questions that you might have will likely be addressed in a lot of the documentation that we put in a lot of work to provide.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, and it's not super long, either. It's a quick green. So we'll start out with our mission. So yeah, I'll let you go. We've been around for 17 years. I've been a mentor for techstars for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, let's see, it's 2024, 14 years. So 2010 is when I first got formally involved with tech stars
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 2,008, 2,009. II knew about tech stars, because, some students in a class that I was helping teach ended up going into one of the very first classes. It was a company called Next Big Sound. They're actually featured in one of the the Startup books and stories that got acquired by Pandora. But so I just so. You know, I've been watching this accelerator thing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: happen throughout most of its life cycle. So text Rs and Y combinator are known as the pioneers of the accelerator model. But there's so many other ones all over the world so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just know that like
the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: while we've seen it kind of go up and down with respect to the venture world and the future of startups, I think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: at the end of the day. if you are part of the right group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: meaning each program, has its own identity, its own DNA. So the Md program team, the mentors, the composition, all have their own kind of variance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But if you choose the right one that fits for you and your style. that program and experience will be unique. and it will be beneficial.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we're our. Our commitment is to make sure that we do that for you. But at the end of the day our mission is to help founders succeed in whatever way makes sense. So some of you that means hands off. That means that we need to get out of your way. Be helpful to you when you need us to be and let you do the rest. Some of you. That means the total opposite.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or we're getting super hands on. We're getting into the nitty-gritty. We're getting into the weeds and helping you figure out really complex problems.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we're we're designed and down to do all of that in the spectrum. So just know that it's not a one. Size fits all thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The curriculum, if you will, isn't just, everyone needs to do the same thing and be on the same page. There's a lot of diversity and variety to your respective needs that we're aware of. So our mission is to figure out the right formula and mix for you.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so what is their role in? So yeah, your role as founders is, first and foremost, to just be good stewards of of community in this program. So we expect everyone's full participation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We are iterating with feedback that we get. So there are things that we asked everyone to participate in in the past that we're either making adjustments to or you know we'll and we'll point out these changes. But at the end of the day. We need you all to respect each other. We need you all to be open minded. I always ask for curiosity before judgment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because people will disagree, you'll you're all coming from different places in the world. Different life experiences different perspectives. So that's a value. Add, but at the same time, with so many different values and cultures clashing, you're going to experience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, significant variance in different points of view. So and then the last thing is just like this can over be overwhelming. It can be all consuming. It can be a drag on your sleep and your energy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or it could be the exact opposite to all of that. It could give you more time. It could be empowering. It could be one of the best decisions you've ever made in your life.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But a lot of that is up to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know, when I was going through programs like this and experiences, or even at university. And you would hear people basically say, Oh, I don't like that. They do this, or I'm not satisfied with that, and always was perplexed with that like mindset, because any experience is what you decide to make it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So. Texas can suck if you want it to. It can be like not meaningful. It could be a waste of time. It could be a bad use of it, for whoever decides that it's not a you know, priority for them. But if you lean in, you take it seriously, and you trust us, and you give us feedback as we go on anything that you want it to be that it isn't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're down like we just want y'all to be successful beyond your wildest imaginations, because we're
Neal Sáles-Griffin: equally incentivize for that to happen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So help us figure out what that is, and just be honest and enjoy the journey. That's what I would expect the founders
Lilliana Robinson: awesome. And if you guys have any questions, you can pop them in the chat, and we'll answer them all at the end.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So entrepreneurs in recipe. Yeah, this is cool. So this was a new Inc. Like thing that happened in the past 3 years or so at tech stars, where programs. And I think I'll give credit to Austin. That's the one that I'm familiar with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Amos Schwartz farb the outgoing Mds. No longer the Md. There he left the company. He retired after 10 programs, but he taught me this. And it's now widely adopted across many programs where we basically hire people part time
Neal Sáles-Griffin: who are just as good, if not better than us as Mds. Meaning people who could otherwise be their own, and be an Md. Themselves.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we pay them a little bit, not not enough to afford them, but we pay them enough to make their commitment to you real.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and they back me up in supporting you actively throughout the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that is very, very cool. It's a way for you all to get perspectives from multiple masters, if you will. With respect to entrepreneurs and people who've achieved some level of either mastery or or success as an entrepreneur or as an investor. But typically an entrepreneur.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And one example of that that I'm really proud to share is last program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The former managing director for Techstar, Chicago, the person who invited me to join techstars, Troy Hinnikov, served as an entrepreneur in residence for my program, which is like that's unheard of. First of all, no one's gotten Troy to do that. But me. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's people out here who are just super awesome. But they have other things going on. They're running their own venture firms, or they're starting other companies, and they're doing other things, and we can pull in these awesome people to come in and help you on top of myself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that is a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that is what to expect.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: And I believe we're trying to get Troy back for you guys. So
Lilliana Robinson: you know, put a PIN in that. You'll hear more later. But having former Mds. Is pretty much unheard of as entrepreneurs and residents, and we've been able to have not one but 2 in the past like if I'm base, when do? He's Yoda. You know what I'm saying.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, communication protocol. So I can run through this, Neil. And then, if there's anything I miss, since you're looking at the Handbook. Just let me know.
Lilliana Robinson: Communication protocol is kind of different for us. It's very specific to how Neil and I have crafted the program. You'll hear different things from different programs. They kind of allow us to run it. How we see fit. Some people run it on slack notion. Different things like that. We run it all in one tool. It's called basecamp. It is a Chicago Tech company.
Lilliana Robinson: and you'll hear their story a lot in the things that we teach, because we think that the way they built their company is a model for some sorts of things that we go into during the program. But their product is awesome. So you'll see we run the entire program on this tool. I will on board you all on Friday. You have an invite for that, and you'll have a an Hq. Where all of you can chat with each other and receive announcements from us, and you'll also have an individual company project where you'll work on things like the assignments you've already done.
Lilliana Robinson: all the other things that we work on with you directly we'll get hands on, and the main key for this is that it's completely asynchronous. So this is why we're able to have so many international founders, so many founders who are parents or have other life circumstances. This is not a completely synchronous program, while we will have lots and lots of workshops on zoom and see each other all the time a lot of the work happens in the background, asynchronously talking with our team, completing assignments and working on the business.
Lilliana Robinson: So in base camp, it allows us to do all of those things as well as just have our team constantly be able to in contact with you without having stand ups or anything of that sort.
Lilliana Robinson: There is one exception. We have a direct stream to be able to talk to me, Neil, or any other team member almost synchronously and specifically reserved for founders. As you can imagine, our emails are completely flooded by other people. We have lots of people trying to get into textiles. We don't want you guys to get muddled with that. So we've reserved.
Lilliana Robinson: Sorry about that. We've reserved
Lilliana Robinson: one stream of communication specifically for our founders, and that is called voxer. This is an iphone android app that any of you can download today on the app store, and it is essentially an asynchronous walkie talking, Neil, do you want to talk about voxer? Yeah, I love it. So I learned this trick
Neal Sáles-Griffin: from David Cohen himself. David Cohen is the co-founder of techs. He's the chairman of the board. So he and I raised a fund together that I got help with Aliana and Sophia. On rising Sars, we raise 8 million dollars during Covid, and I'm raised that from investors who I'd never met before.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And the way Cohen and I work together while we raise those funds is we didn't have any meetings like we didn't have any meetings on the calendar where he and I spent any time together. We did it all on Boxer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I was like, Bro. How did we do this like this is so cool like I get to talk to one of the most successful investors on Earth like he was like an angel investor in Uber for for perspective. And then, you know, techsars and all this other stuff. He's really cool. You'll meet him. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm like, How did you? Very, very like cleverly finesse me into raising 8 million dollars with you without having to spend any time with me like that is brilliant. So that being said, I love that playbook
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the amount of time that we get to spend together talking to each other because of the systems that Liliana just outlined.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think, is magnitude, orders of magnitude greater than how a lot of other people and programs operate because we trust these asynchronous tools to make progress. So now we're not playing Tetris with you. All's calendars are ours, and instead, we're always we have a unique
Neal Sáles-Griffin: direct line of communication that you all had access to that no one else in the world does. So. I think that's a really powerful and important factor here for how we're able to build such strong connections with everybody from all over the world, even if we're not always together in the same physical space.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: So we will have you all go ahead and add us on, Boxer. Maybe so soon, for one of you guys can pop our handles in the chat. But you guys will have all this information in the Handbook if you want to download it later.
Lilliana Robinson: Is that everything for communication? Now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I mean, I guess the other thing to say is like, I think we're also the only program that uses base camp to operate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah, so I know not. Everyone has their opinion about software tools. So I respect all of you. And what you prefer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The reason we're using these tools is because we know them so well, and we can make your experience better than any other place by utilizing them. And we've seen so many other people struggle because they're juggling 4 or 5 different apps that everyone has to use to find information.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You gotta check your email for this, and you gotta check your slack for that you gotta go to notion for this, and then you gotta go to Asana for that, like. No, that's cool, like we just want one app that has everything. So you go in there. It's all there simple.
Lilliana Robinson: So after these pre program prep weeks, we will cease to use email. So you won't get any emails from us. We do use email for external intros. So Naji will use email a lot with you. Neil, will anytime that you're trying to have an intro to someone outside of this little group. Everyone on this call will use email. But for everything here, internally within our program base camp
Lilliana Robinson: Textar Central does not count for that. So every time they need something from you guys, they will be emailing you. So if you are one of the people who have been having Techstar's emails go to spam. You should definitely try and get that sorted because they will email you for specific and important asks that are outside of this program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah? And then I guess the last thing to say on the communication side here is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what is also beneficial, and the founders at the end of the program right before demo day tend to freak out about is, wait what happens? All this information like we just did all this stuff we wrote all these things. We had all these ideas. We had all these workshops, all these sessions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can go back and see it all. because it's available to you forever.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what's great is that now you have breadcrumbs of your entire program experience, all documented in one place that you can always go back to and revisit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the other benefit of all of that documentation
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. And if you have more questions about our kind of project management ideologies, things like that. Like I said, I'm really interested in it. We're actually gonna have a workshop about it next week, so you'll be able to hear a lot more about the in depth kind of ways we think about asynchronous communication and the power of having flow in your work and uninterrupted work, and all of that. So we will save that for now
Lilliana Robinson: weekly expectations.
Lilliana Robinson: So on, the regular weeks will be a little bit
Lilliana Robinson: unorthodox. For the first couple of weeks. Traditionally week. One is
Lilliana Robinson: its own sort of section where you just have the whole book thrown at you. You're gonna have a lot, a lot of workshops. I think I've told some of you on the offer calls just kind of clear out your entire week. One. So when you're gonna be there in person with us. You will have some moments to work, but a lot of it is gonna be put in workshops, and the purpose of that is we wanna give you all of the knowledge upfront, so that you can start applying it for the rest of the weeks
Lilliana Robinson: week. 2 half of that will be on the retreat, and then the other half will be spent in some presentations. You'll hear more about this later, and then weeks 3 and 4 are mentor madness. So after we get past that first month, things start becoming regulated
Lilliana Robinson: and pretty orthodox. So you'll expect a certain flow of the weeks once we get to like weeks 5 through 13.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What you can expect. We'll have roundtables together sometimes it's CEO Round Table, sometimes it's the full program round table, like everyone on this call. We'll hear about our week. Reflect on it. Set goals for the week. If it's at the beginning of the week, you'll have a weekly sorry to interrupt. We did get feedback about those round tables in the past program we ran, and the feedback that we got was the frequency was a bit high.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we're making an adjustment to space them out every other week instead of having them weekly, so that you all have more free time. So that's one thing that we did learn from directly from this past program that we wanted to iterate on. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if for some reason we need to dial it up or make more accessible. We'll do that. But from the clear feedback we got, we decided to reduce the amount of time we were asking you all to spend in those sessions.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly so. Always iterating when we get direct feedback, will also iterate in the middle of the program as well. We see it as our own little startup so definitely feel free to give us feedback and whatever works for you. So sometimes people do have things come up, and as long as you communicate it's completely okay to have to miss a session. Stop going to a certain thing. If it's not serving you, it's just all about communication. So right now, we're starting with the overall expectation that everyone will be at everything, and then we'll work our way from there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, you'll get into the habit of just giving us a heads up like letting our team know. Hey, I'm not going to be at this thing. I've got this going on, or I've got a customer call, or I've got an investor like it's all good so long as we're just being adults and communicating about it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: and we want you guys to get the most out of it, too. So if there's something we do really feel like you should be at. We'll let you know. If you plan to miss it.
Lilliana Robinson: Other things weekly that you can expect from weeks like 5 on, are weekly Kpi meetings with your eir. We find tracking metrics extremely important at techstars, and this is one of the main pillars of things. We'll teach you and then, of course, workshops, so you'll hear from a variety of our network as well as each of our team members. Lead workshops. So that'll be the remainder of your curriculum, and then going into pitch practice and demo day prep, and the end.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's what you can expect on a week to week basis. Was there anything else to hit here? Yeah, I just think, reminding everyone of the overall structure. The first month is lay of the land mentorship, you know, making sure that you all know all the the basics that we
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alluded to during the application process that we take to a whole nother level.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know, during this the kickoff of the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then month 2 is like, all right. We take all those insights and everything that you learned, and we execute so that could be sales that could be building product. That could be. Both could be a bunch of other things. But we're going to get it all done and get you a humming.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then in month 3. That's when things get real about what the horizon beyond looks like is, are you raising money, are we? You know, bootstrapping, are we
Neal Sáles-Griffin: focused on, you know, customer development in a new way. Are you hiring? Each of you are going to be in a different state of what you realize you need after 2 months of this immersion. So once we know what that looks like, we get to work with you to figure that out. And then you kind of storm out of our program doing. You know, it's your company. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's it's it's go time.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, and there, that was program structure. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. Okay?
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, it's also very important to note, this is a hybrid program. So I mentioned this to a lot of you already, but weeks, one and weeks 12 will be in person. Everybody who has not yet seen the pre-program update email number one. It's super important. Demo day is going to be during week 12 to allow for the maximum attendance of investors, because New York tech week is the following week.
Lilliana Robinson: So we do encourage a lot of you to go to New York tech week during week 13. But we'll also be around during week 13 to help you with Post Demo Day. Follow up just writing all of that influence from your big event and just helping you take advantage of it.
Lilliana Robinson: So just to maximize all of the investors so that they're not all at the conference we're going to do demo day during week 12.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We have shifted back the demo day prep, so you'll still have exactly the amount of demo day prep, that we always have. Yeah couple more things on that. So one that was new to us. Just so, you know, like a few weeks ago, we found out, oh, Snap like New York tech week is gonna be big. And we need to let the founders know, Asap, that this is a huge opportunity for them, not and especially for you all as techstars, founders.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because a lot of people are going to want to get to know y'all, because you all are in the Bay Area
Neal Sáles-Griffin: unlike any other tech stars program on earth. So you all are gonna be connected to in proc have proximity to more investors than any other program in that respect. So when you go to New York.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you decide to go, which I think you should.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That means that you are creating like plugs and access on, like 2 of the largest markets that you can from an investment standpoint. Right? So that's a great opportunity for you all. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess the other part is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we just announced that Texar's headquarters is moving to New York.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it kind of already has been there for the Us. Insiders like the past couple years, like our CEO, lives there and has basically opened an office and hired a lot of people there. So what's cool is like, we're the Bay area. We represent the Bay area this group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then we've got headquarters in New York. So I think giving you all that inroads and access and connectivity is going to be a net benefit for those of you interested in building up. You're both founder and investor. Now
Lilliana Robinson: we've got a couple questions here. So Vincent, is your question answered.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, Neil Vince desk and given the move of Texas 2 point Nyc. Is it mandatory to go to Nyc. Do you have a bit more context? Yeah, sure, it's not mandatory at all. It's an opportunity so not mandatory, not expected. But we suggested highly suggested, because it's it's just going to be a massive concentration of both founders and investors. And it's our home court as far as tech Sars is concerned.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think that's to you all's benefit to to be a part of, if you can, if you can manage that and swing it. But that's also why we move Demo Day a week ahead.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because we needed to make sure that you all had room to take advantage of that.
Lilliana Robinson: Will we be able to pitch at Nyc tech week? So
Lilliana Robinson: exactly, I was. Gonna say, this is a completely like outside of tech stars events. So there's nothing that we're putting on there specifically, or any specific like
Lilliana Robinson: in that we have. It's just a lot more that we think you guys should go, and we know you will not have the investor turnout that we want you to have if we have Demo day during that week. So it's a lot more being aware of the event rather than it being something we're putting on, or we have spots for anything. Naji will probably be there. Naji, I'll let you unmute if you'd like to speak on New York tech week. If there's any viewpoint that we're not getting at.
Naji B. | Techstars: No, I don't have any particular viewpoints right now. But yeah, I it is likely I will be there. For sure.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. So that's New York, and we'll get more info as program progresses. But this is just something to be aware of right now, as we start thinking about looking ahead
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. So that's the hybrid program. There's one more week that we are optionally in person, and that is week 5. So weeks one and 12 are mandatory to be out in Oakland with us. Week 5. A lot of international funders opt not to come in the middle of program. It's just very expensive. So we completely understand. But if you are able to join
Lilliana Robinson: will be streaming for all virtual participants. If you are able to join. Week 5 is kind of a reset after mentor. Madness finishes and we come back together. We regroup. We analyze all of the feedback that you got from mentor madness. And then we figure out action item steps of how to move forward. It's also a very sensitive time, because mentor madness can be a little bit
Lilliana Robinson: shaking for a lot of people. So it's really nice to have that time together, as everybody just went through a similar experience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Diplomatically worded.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'll I'll I'll add more color to it, cause I think that was well said by the liana
Neal Sáles-Griffin: menger man is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: things can get a little real, so you'll hear from a lot of smart people, and some of them are gonna hit you at the core. They're gonna be like, oh, man, I guess, like you're gonna question a lot of things. And some of you come out with full confidence that the strategy you went in with is the strategy you need to continue doing. But some of you are gonna get feedback or have people involved, or you're gonna learn things or be questioned in certain ways that'll make you have to like, do some real thinking about what the next move should be.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and because of that, we have learned that it's super important to give you all an opportunity to reconnect
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in person, if you'd like with each other with us to get that kind of support, and to just make sense of everything that you learned because it is overwhelming. It is all. It is a true information fire hose to meet with dozens and dozens of brilliant people, and get questioned about every aspect of you and your business. So it's a fundamental aspect of every tech program. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think the the difference is that the what you do with the information afterwards, and that's why we facilitate that
Lilliana Robinson: awesome and our commitment to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so as far as our commitment to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're not here to waste your time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There are so many different versions of the story about whether an accelerator is a good bet for founders. Good use of your time. Good to give up the equity. You know all of those things, but what I told you when I offered each of you a spot in this class
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is that those formalities, the money, the deal, whatever that's all well and good. But at the end of the day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What everyone says consistently at the end of our programs
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is the connection that they have with each other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: makes this more than worth it. So our commitment to you is first and foremost, to make sure that that happens.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: your allegiance and connection to each other is what we will prioritize, facilitating above everything else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then, on top of that, each of you all have your own unique, respective deals.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just making sure that we are lifelong friends and partners to you, no matter what happens with your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is what you can expect from me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then on top of that, hopefully.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a bunch of y'all end up getting fantastic outcomes and exits, and then we all get paid. That'd be great. I would love that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I guess the last anecdote I'll share, and this is the Texar Chicago. Lower story. You'll hear me reference text our Chicago a lot since that's the program I came from. But Techstar, Chicago
Neal Sáles-Griffin: has the top
Neal Sáles-Griffin: company of all time out of texts ours from a return standpoint.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's a company that came went through the program 11 years ago called Trading View.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And one thing that was really cool that happened with that class of companies is that as that company was succeeding
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they made room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for the founders in their class to invest.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so everybody won. Everyone in the class got to participate in the most valuable company to go through techstars ever.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think that's really meaningful, because those founders, because they all knew where that was going, and they saw, and the founder was a part of the class, and they were all helping each other, and they still meet every month or every quarter to this day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Whoever here wins ends up helping everybody win.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think that's a pretty cool thing to be a part of that. You won't read about online. But I'm telling you here confidentially that that happened, and that can't happen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just saying it
Lilliana Robinson: so true, if anyone from our team wants to give any advice, I think this is a great time for it, so feel free to just unmute. But that is my big piece of of that advice. Every single time we do this expectations orientation session. It's to get really close with everybody that's on this call. Specifically, your class members. Your class members make your experience
Neal Sáles-Griffin: also people. They they? They hire each other, too. So like, let's just say, like a few years from now, things don't work out, or you know, you change strategies, or whatever, like some of you all want to work with the other person or the other company, or the other team like, there's all types of cross pollination that happens when you have a tight knit group.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. Did any other team members want to give any advice before we move on.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: jump in really quickly is to. If there are workshops that you feel like you already know, for instance, there will be topics that some of you might have learned in the past, for instance, like financial modeling or kpis and whatnot, I would highly highly encourage to still go, because, in addition to
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: for 2 reasons, one is that I appreciate. Always walk away with something new.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: Whether or not it's from the other co-founders in the room or from the workshop presenter. I always walk away with something new. Then, second is that there's always value. They can also add to the room as well, because everyone's gonna be starting at very different points. Somebody might have
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: built a financial model in the past. Some people, this is gonna be the first time. And so you you guys are here
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: for each other as well. And I feel this. I feel like this is pretty special. That you're
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: you have 23 Co founders is one way of thinking about it, in addition to your own Co. Founders as well, that are going through everything
Neal Sáles-Griffin: simultaneously, which I don't know, Nel, has this happened before, because we had to progress before. But it wasn't the same, you know, same program. So I feel like this is the first I don't know. This is the first of ours like we've never. We've never had so much consistency across the size of a class before. So I think the network effect here is going to be even stronger.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey? Anybody else, before we move forward?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean. Well, you know what, Liliana. There is one other thing, and I think usually you are the one who says it, so I'll I'll try to tee you up for it, but it's kinda like we have a certain reputation. I think, as as tech stars folk
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like with our with our program specific. Yeah, our program has a rep like like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: our founders show up to things like they engage in like they make an impression wherever they go, in a way that people go you. There's some value all your founders. So II forgot what you exactly say, but I know you've taken
Neal Sáles-Griffin: pride in this. Well.
Lilliana Robinson: I mean we're recording. But if you guys just keep it on the keep it on the deal. Our programs are known amongst tech stars to be something special, and the founders that come out of it are also known to be something special, and you'll be able to tell as we bring back some of our alumni. It's just each of you were chosen for a very specific reason
Lilliana Robinson: many of you were chosen specifically for the types of people that you are regardless of what company you're building. We've chosen based on founders, and
Lilliana Robinson: I'm not sure every program does so, and it shows because our founders are always
Lilliana Robinson: on it, always camera on always engaging in the chat when we do workshops with other programs which you'll see. We have some global workshops from David Cohen and other super stars like that. There's a very clear distinction on who comes from our program and who doesn't? And that's something that Neil and I and our whole team takes very seriously.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We really appreciate the standard that we've made, and we've chosen all of you because we believe you uphold that standard. That's perfect. Thank you. And what I'll add is, I think it's a very simple reason.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  we're just encouraging you to develop habits and presence
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that should be reflected in the companies that you all are building and scaling. You're gonna hire dozens, if not hundreds, of people one day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you're gonna have expectations of how they show up in the calls and the company sessions and the meetings that you have with them the work you do with them, the way you operate. So it only makes sense for us to reflect that same energy. Now, while you're in the process of building these great businesses.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think that's like the fundamental, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: nature of of that approach of just respect and presence.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And it's a that's a hard thing for me to PIN down, because I it's more feedback we get, unless something that we're actively in like asking of you. But there is something about this group that is always special. And this this group in particular, will have its own unique characteristics on how to make that so
Lilliana Robinson: it's a mix of respect and thoughtfulness, and we've already recognized that and the things that you have done so far, and all the assignments and the way you communicate, and just it will continue. So when we introduce you to someone from our network, they will just know that because it's one of our founders. There's a level of thoughtfulness that will come through with that, and that'll open so many more doors for you all.
Lilliana Robinson: Because it's usually people just wanna work with our founders, which is awesome. So we'll go through some announces. Then we'll take questions
Lilliana Robinson: to do so this week you are awaiting the pre program update number 2, which is coming tomorrow. That will include the program handbook going over everything and more of what we talked about today. A class. Look book we're putting together, or Naji already put together. For you guys, it is confidential because you guys have not been announced to the world. So that's just for you all to understand who your classmates are. So keep that confidential, and then pre program prep. Week to schedule for next week will also come out tomorrow.
Lilliana Robinson: Remember, to complete your class roster by Wednesday and complete your pre work packets by next Wednesday, March sixth.
Lilliana Robinson: So this week you'll get the program handbook. You'll get the class roster in by Wednesday, and you'll also receive base camp access on Friday, and I'll train you on how to use it. And then coming next week again the Pre work packet.
Lilliana Robinson: So with that, let's go through some questions, and then we have an activity to do together.
Lilliana Robinson: feel free to unmute or pop them in the chat.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's no way we answered everyone's questions without hosting and playing poker.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Be careful. Sophie's really good.  Chloe is is learning
Neal Sáles-Griffin: killer, Kate, for a reason. Yeah, there, there's some. There's some ringers on the squat that like playing poker.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, perfect looking forward to that in a huh! And and then not even into we'll do. We can play poker whenever I play poker and VR with founders. We've hosted sessions in Google. I'll do it, man.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We ran programs in Covid, VR headsets. Not a joke. I bought every founder of VR headset. And we like did movie nights, and like played poker and hung out with each other. It was fun.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: great question. Any other questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what the only question was about really quick, tactical question. There we go. Where is the campus itself? I've been like trying to book our area, you know. So just trying to get the proximity. Yup, yup, so we'll we'll drop the address in the chat right now and then. We'll make sure you all have it. But it's right off of Lake Merritt and downtown Oakland. It's really really beautiful, like it's a really nice like. There's an outdoor patio you get to see the lake like, it's a pretty nice situation. So I'm looking forward to y'all seeing it.
Valeria Brenner: And I also have, like a not so tactful, more like travel questions. So obviously, we're right across from San Francisco. Is there a
Valeria Brenner: a Food Recommendation service that we can subscribe to? I don't know if anybody here has, like a belly account.
Valeria Brenner: I'm really big into like food. So so food. All right, Naji.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you better on mute. Bro, so Nazi is the food expert.
Naji B. | Techstars: II like food. Food is good, good food is better. The so yeah, if you want, like, Rex and stuff, I have like a bunch of flags I gave some of them in that guide mostly focus on like things that are relatively walkable or accessible from the office. But if you want more far out things I'm happy to share and give Zoom alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Another question for you, Naji. Parking situation at the office. That's not something I've experienced before. Is it free? Do you recommend parking? It's open.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: Yeah, there within. II think I mentioned on the chat. It depends on what you consider near within one to 2 blocks. No, but within 10 min walk. Yes.
Ferrona Lie, Techstars: but we'll talk more about that. I can. I'm happy to just kind of take a screenshot and circle around just big caveat, though it's Oakland at the end of the day. So please be careful about how you take care of your car. Don't leave anything behind and stuff like that. So yeah, I'm happy to send more information on that. That's legit in the Bay Area in general, too. Just so like people don't leave stuff in their cars around here because, including us as well, I'll do that but that being said
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if it's just for the week, if you're coming into the office. There's indoor parking, and there's outdoor parking nearby that you can pay for. That's not overly expensive, so I would recommend that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If it's for the week, if you're planning to be in the office more frequently, you might want to figure out a more reliable like situation.
Art Fields -ClubReq: Neil, you mind if I add on that until that is our 100. Yeah. So being from Oakland,
Art Fields -ClubReq: your cars don't get baked in the hood, but it does get big downtown areas, so like in in
Art Fields -ClubReq: and like parking lots open parking lots that are not like secure it, will. They will break into your car so like at the end of the day, if you have to just roll down your window, leave a note. Say like, Please don't break my windows like it's it's that real. So not trying to scare anybody off, but like what Neil say, like Park in the parking lot, please. That's secure.
Lilliana Robinson: Nope.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so yeah, I'm from the south side of Chicago. So I'm very familiar with a lot of things. And to be clear. I like it out here like I mean, I'm I'm in. OI live in Oakland, and it's very, very nice and comfortable and legit
Neal Sáles-Griffin: people just can't leave stuff in their car. That's like the main issue that II see cause. If you do, then somebody gonna take it cause they want it or need it.
Lilliana Robinson:  it's just real. We just want you guys to be safe, so it's helpful.
Lilliana Robinson: bob
there's a, Bart station, nearby. Right.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes.
Bob Van Dell II - DubPrime: II would recommend parking further away, and then maybe, like end of the line, if it works for your commute and then enjoy that parking, and then just red bar on the way. In
Bob Van Dell II - DubPrime: Dublin. The best part was, you're the first on the on the train. You usually get a seat. get some work done on the way in
Bob Van Dell II - DubPrime: nice, bigger parking lots.
Lilliana Robinson: That's perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: A lot of our founders have done that in the past. And I see Jayla talking about not leaving things in the car. That's not a joke. So a lot of people think that we're just being like super stringent or something like actually do not leave anything in your car.
Lilliana Robinson: Melanie?
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yes, thank you. I just have a question about the in-person session. Do you guys know when
Melanie, Positive Finance: does it start like early morning, or when around?
Lilliana Robinson: Great question. So right away, 9 Am. Tuesday morning, March twelfth. Like you should be at the office.
Lilliana Robinson: So we are giving you Monday as a travel day, so that we can start right on time on Tuesday, so definitely take advantage of Monday as a travel day. You guys are all becoming in on Monday, so that you're there to start on Tuesday morning.
Melanie, Positive Finance: so would be 9 Am. To
Lilliana Robinson: like pretty pretty much. You should block the whole day, so our workshops are gonna be sparse throughout the day. You'll have off to do lunch. You'll have an hour or so to work in the afternoon, and then we usually have evening activities, dinners, etc. So that's why I recommend just blocking the whole week.
Lilliana Robinson: But you will have time in between to grab a phone booth. Take a call. Things like that.
Lilliana Robinson: And you'll see a lot more of the schedule in the coming days.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah, is, is it okay to bring other team members to the office other than our co-founders say to a brainstorm. So stuff like that work to them.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay, you can bring guests. You can bring guests in with you.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. But only the full time program. Members will have key cards, so you can bring whoever you'd like, and then you just have to make sure you can let them in.
Lilliana Robinson: Lisa.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I was curious. If it's if there's any other weeks where you feel like it would be beneficial to be there in person. Or is that really all up to us because it's all. It's all online. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, that's a great question. Lisa. It is very variable, because some of you may have a high concentration of like. You may decide that you want to have a series of investor conversations or or something like that. Right? So you have to choose that my instinct
Neal Sáles-Griffin: would be maybe a little bit earlier like the week before Demo Day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you decide to come in like a week prior to get the lay of the land, maybe make some new connections get situated. So you're more comfortable because Demo Day tends to get pretty intense and everyone kind of gets stressed out, and they're practicing pitches and meeting people and all stuff. So there's a lot going on there. So I would say the week before Demo Day probably would make sense.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Oh, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's jump to a question from the chat. Are the travel dates included in the dates given for April and May, or should we add a day before and after as well? So for April I included travel. So I gave you the dates Tuesday through Thursday, so you can travel on Monday and Friday. You'll have that Monday off after mentor madness, so that can be a travel day Tuesday through Thursday will be in person in April, and the dates are in that email
Lilliana Robinson: for May. That entire week is in person, so you'll have to fly in on Sunday, and then Monday through Friday. We're in person because it's Demo day prep. So we can't give an extra day off there, because all those things are crucial to get ready for Demo Day, so you'll have to come in the weekend before.
Lilliana Robinson: That was a great question, Valeria. And then, really quick. One more from the chat. What time do the evening activities finish on the first week? Whenever you want? You typically around like 8, 8, 30 for some dinners, if we have dinners with the partners and things, but you're never required to stay. So if you are tired or you need to go because you have other responsibilities. You do not have to stay in the evening. All of our mandatory sessions will end by 5
Lilliana Robinson: snow.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hi, I'd like to manage my schedule. Can I schedule next week you mentioned about the the second week of the pre pre week? Do I need to expect this kind of that that that
Snow Lee / Runbear: time like this week or yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: that's a great question. So everything will be between 10 Am. And noon. Pst.
Lilliana Robinson: so if you just block that time, just those 2 h, everything will be locked in there, and then you can make sure that you can schedule the rest of the time for next week.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Great question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If there's something you can't make, it's okay, just let us know, and we'll do our best to accommodate a record.
Lilliana Robinson: Absolutely.
Lilliana Robinson: Alan. in the cart.
Allan: Yes, so this actually a question for Neil, and totally off topic. But we're road tripping to Cali right now, and we're stopping by Chicago today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which one's better Judy knows or P. Quads all day. Peak quads, no no doubt. Go get that pizza. Best pizza. Let's go. You're asking the right question out of you.
Lilliana Robinson: That was awesome. We have. We have other things for you, too. If you have a lot of time. Just send us a box here. Yeah, we got people in Chicago that's like, Home Court.
Allan: Yeah. Oh, we're we're going to be here from like 4 till tomorrow morning at 7 Am. 4 pm. To 7 am. Tomorrow. So if you have any recommendations, send it over
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. Awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Is it, Mercedes.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): Yeah, don't worry about it. It's mere chat, but I don't expect to actually know how to pronounce Romanian words. So Hi! I have a question my co-founder and I are planning to relocate to Oakland for the entire period. I actually live in California already. And he doesn't. But we were wondering for those hybrid weeks that are in between.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): Is there a place for us to work out of the text? There's office? Yeah. Great question. Yeah. I wanted to add that earlier. Thank you for asking and this is also for whoever was asking. I think Lisa was asking about in between. So the office will be open to all of you who are full time program participants. 24, 7.
Lilliana Robinson: So you have your key card that you'll get in week one, and you can get in there even when we're virtual.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now, that doesn't mean that the staff will all be there. So we had a lot of founders that just wanted to work out of there even during the virtual weeks. A lot of our staff likes to work from home. So when we're virtual. We won't always be in the office, but it's open to you guys as much as you'd like to use it, and a lot of your fellow founders are planning to be there as well like press. Just so, you know, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're still working on like furniture and accommodations and like details. There's a whole story about like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how we got this office and what's going on in it. We need new chairs, like, you know, this is, it's like a startup office like total, just like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: figuring itself out type of things. So just so, you know, it's not like some fancy we work or something like that. It's literally like we're in startup mode trying to figure out. You know, I spent the Sunday before program kicked off last time we ran our last Oakland program, putting together Ikea lamps so like it's just like super raw in real and and fun. So just so you all know that
Lilliana Robinson: that being said it isn't a Co working space. So even though our office isn't complete, yeah, there are a lot of things that are available in the Co working space like phone booths, tables, other things. Great view on the top floor. That. You guys can also access outside of our office.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, tree treat.
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: So are are you all gonna be there during the the in between
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: times, like the schedule, I will.
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: So I will. Naji will. Ferona will.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  yeah, we'll we'll physically be around.
Triet Leminh - LexIQ: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Morgan sponsorship.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They invested in like 12 classes at a time. But we have 2 classes to run in Oakland.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So basically, we have a super class of 24 companies. But, functionally speaking, there will be a technical bifurcation
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of founder classes.
Okay?
Lilliana Robinson: Great questions. Okay? Sohail.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Thanks. So II think I saw this question in the chat from Melanie. But I'm just kinda curious about the difference in kind of what happens in the in between weeks, like, if we, we don't have a place to stay in San Francisco yet. So just curious about like the benefit of being there in person stuff that happens outside of the program is there networking events like that kind of yeah, there's always networking events like the Bay area is the top is the capital end of the world when it comes to venture capital investment activity. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's it's up to you to decide to make that more worthwhile. Some founders value the ability to get back to work and just focus on what they want to execute on others are trying
Neal Sáles-Griffin: their hardest to build the strongest network that they possibly can from an investment, standpoint or otherwise. So for those of you that want to take advantage of the Bay area, we encourage you to stick around and and do that. But we're not going to require it, because not everyone needs it.
Sahil Patel: That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we got through all the questions for the in between weeks. Not she on. Our team goes to a lot of events and things. So if you are local, we'll be sure to send all of you the different events that are going on, that if you're local, you can attend, so there will be nothing put on by us. But there are always things going on like Neil said.
Lilliana Robinson: So right now let's switch gears and get to know each other for the last 20 min. So so who's gonna pop a link in the chat? And we will see you all in there.
Lilliana Robinson: So to be clearly, Anna, they should leave the zoom and join that one. Okay, yeah, I'll stay here till everyone's gone.
Lilliana Robinson: Does everybody see the link.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. See you in there.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, everybody.